# Week 08: Project 03: Final Project - A Full Project Proposal

## Student: Rodrigo Delacotera
## Professor: Cheri Whalen, M.S. Instructor, CMPA 3301

## Project Purpose test
To design and develop a professional portfolio website promoting my business using HTML and CSS. This website will fulfill requirements for Project 03 for my CMPA-3301 course at Texas Tech University, showcasing the technical skills I have learned on web development and project management. The website will provide visitors with useful information about my background, my business and its location through an embedded Google Map. Additionally, it will provide useful information regarding common medical problems like diabetes and hypertension.

## Description
Project 03 consists of creating a minimum of a two-page website hosted through GitHub Pages. The homepage, **index.html**, will serve to showcase my business' name, picture, phone number and location.It will also include a link to my GitHub repository. The second page, **about.html**, will be linked from the homepage, and will describe my background, biography, hobbies, and education. I will create an additional third page, **information.html**, sharing educational information about diabetes and hypertension. All three pages will have a consistent style generated by a single external **style.css** stylesheet, and a navigation bar linking them all.

The project repository will also contain a professional **README.md** file describing all the steps taken during the creation and development of the website and a docs folder containing the following documents:
- **scope.md** will contain my project scope statement (this document) once it has been revised after I receive my classmates' and instructor's feedback.
- **plan.md** will contain a risk analysis, a TAME (Transfer, Accept, Mitigate, Eliminate) risk management and a task schedule (Work Breakdown Structure) based on chapter 4 of the textbook "Project Management For The Unofficial Project Manager".
- **retrospective.md** will contain a final project reflection describing what went well, what went wrong and what would I do differently, based on chapter 7 of the same textbook.

   ### Assumptions:
   Visual Studio Code, Canvas, GitHub and GitHub Pages will remain available throughout the project.
   A reliable internet connection will also be available.
   The instructor, Professor Cheri Whalen, will be available by email in case I have questions regarding the requirements for this project.


## Desired Results
The deliverable will be clean and professional, easy-to-navigate professional portfolio website, containing three pages, that satisfies all of stakeholder's requirements and also provides clear and easy-to-understand medical information for any person with no medical background, so they can get familiar with technical concepts of diabetes and hypertension. This information should help visitors learn more about these common medical problems and should prompt them to seek medical attention if needed. 

The final GitHub repository will include all required HTML, CSS and Markdown files, and will be successfully published into GitHub pages. The navigation between the three pages will work correctly, and all pages will have a consistent visual design.

### Constraints: 
    - Time: The project will be completed and submitted by the deadline of 07/23/2026.
    - Quality: The project must follow all the CMPA-3301 requirements and grade rubric.
    - Budget: No expenses are required. Tools that will be used including Visual Studio Code and GitHub Pages are free.

## Exclusions 
The following features are out of scope:
- User accounts or login functionality.
- Databases.
- E-commerce or online purchasing.
- JavaScript or advanced scripting.
- Integration with social media platforms.
- Multimedia such as audio and video.