# Project 03: Final Project - A Full Project Proposal

This document will reflect on Project 03, what went well, what went wrong and what I'd do differently, based on chapter 7 of our textbook "Project Management for the Unofficial Project Manager" by Kory Kogon and Suzette Blakemore. (2024. Updated and Revised edition).

## What went well
After starting this CMPA-3301 course not knowing literally anything about how to use HTML or CSS, and after several weeks of modules, exercises and assignments, I have slowly learned basic knowledge, and I am able to code on Virtual Studio Code, to lay out the basic structure and style of a website. I spent a full weekend typing code, and I tested it many times on Google Chrome to see how it looked. Until finally, I have constructed a website of 3 pages that I believe will meet all our instructor’s requirements. It has all the elements needed like navigation bar, consistent style, border, pictures, homepage, about me page. I also added an extra information page to make the website more substantial. 
Another aspect that has been a big win for me is the fact that I have learned all the basics of project management, and I put them to use for this project. Scoping, Planning, Engaging, Tracking and Adapting, and Closing the project. This has been a great experience that will serve me greatly in future courses or projects in my life.

## What went wrong
My biggest struggle with this project was to create a consistent CSS style for my website. I wanted it to look good, and have a nice color and style, and initially I tested it on my laptop, and it worked well, but eventually I started testing it on mobile devices like my iPhone or iPad, and even though the homepage would look good, the about us and specially the information page looked out of order, with the columns clearly out of position, and outside of the page border. Since my CSS and HTML knowledge is basic, I struggle learning how to fix this problem. I went on to read about it on MDN web docs, and I used Char GPT to help me fix the code. Eventually, after my struggle, it helped me learn new code, to make webpages work well regardless of the device I am using.

## What I would do differently
Next time, what I would do differently is that I would start my project earlier, so when I encounter problems and it gets delayed, and it will most certainly happen, I do have some time to spare and not rush or get anxious about it. For this project, I created a scheduled, that was detailed on my plan.md file, but it looked pretty tight from the beginning, and because I work full time and have family obligations, when my project struggled, as I mentioned on the paragraph above, it got delayed, causing great anxiety because I didn’t have enough time to spare to fix the issue. I ended up going to bed a couple of times way after midnight to learn and be able to fix the issue. If I start ahead and my schedule has some time to spare, I would have had the time to deal with the delays without causing anxiety or going to bed late.